I understand that you are willing to forget
This is performance
Oh.
Xiaobei still wants us to say something slowly
It must have been broken by this bastard
You can't see people.
Wait a minute, wait until it turns into a public auction
I'll have a good talk with the Beckham family
bastard
I thought I picked it up last time in a mental hospital
It's already an attack
I didn't expect you to know what's good or bad
Dare to hit ism on Xiaowei
I would like to thank the lady for her face-to-face teaching last time
Let you forget
I will be filial
absolute
Will not be disappointed
Ok you and me
Thank you for coming to my reception night
I also want to take this opportunity
Announce to everyone
The most satisfying painting of my life
This painting was specially designed for me
The most important woman in my life
The spotlight is on Mrs. Ye
The person in this painting is already Mrs. Ye
Yes!
Mrs. Ye, a woman pulled her brother up
And now a career and a happy family
That's impressive.